the financial crisis part two is
apparent it's in our faces but we just
have to open our eyes the weakness which
was exposed leading up to 2008 were
never corrected today the same issues
have been multiplied as they Branch out
into new levels of financial Insanity
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today I have decided
to pack more articles more information
than I should into one video let's see
how it goes beginning with this the IMF
regularly releases reports and I do
believe that while their activities and
actions are terrible their reports are
actually good the problem according to
fund economists is that already
corporate credit fundamentals in the US
have started to weaken creating
conditions that have historically
preceded a credit cycle
downturn and by the IMs calculations
companies with almost $4 trillion in
assets or 22% of the total Us corporate
assets would be weak or vulnerable to a
fiscal expansion that went wrong and led
to a sharp rise in borrowing costs we're
talking about the increase of interest
rates
even the biz the bank for international
settlement says that 250 basis points
would be disastrous particularly for
Canada we are looking at the IMF and we
need to step back and realize what's
going on obviously they're on the inside
of all these
deals they are the financial goons Squad
they are the ones who have the say in a
lot of countries aspects Financial
aspects and they try to
have their hands on everyone's
business but the way I like to deal with
them is I read the information and I see
how that correlates with what I have
found and I do agree with what they say
in principle here in this
case
and connected in with
that percentage of what they call
challenged firms
perc of total assets you can see this in
a chart form as you can see $4
trillion in assets
22% whether it's weak or vulnerable to
me it doesn't matter they couldn't even
predict the housing
boom in the US and it was going to a
level that was so dramatic there was so
much fraud but nobody wanted to
investigate all that fraud because
everybody was making money but people
with no jobs or anything to their name
were buying multiple houses and somebody
at some point should have said
something but it didn't happen and the
fraud was allowed to
continue and guess what this time around
the same thing is
happening and people every single time
every single
time refuse to believe it and they get
caught in the mess there are a lot of
people who earn
money but
unfortunately when the time comes they
don't sell and as a result their money
declines rapidly and a lot of those
people end up
selling when they get shaken out they
get in that fear mode and they get
shaken out at the wrong time had they
held on for a longer period of time
maybe it would have been better but a
lot of people get shaken out some people
will have the guts others I believe
should employ what I call the money GPS
strategy but anyway let's move on it's a
silly example here but I'm sure most of
the people watching have seen this
Wy
coyote I always found it funny that he
left the edge of the
cliff and was able to walk off and it of
course can show you in the image but
it's as
if he's on the platform still at least
in his mind or in his
actions he still walks out and it's not
for a delayed period of time before he
heads
downward and that's the way I see these
markets it's
Fiction it's completely
fictional no different although it's a
silly example it's really no different
that's the way I see
it we're already over the cliff there's
no way to go back you can't there's only
one direction and it's
down we just haven't realized it
yet let's move
on still plenty of liquidity being added
to the markets the ECB the bank of Japan
and the bank of England buying a
combined $200
billion every month but no no no no no
you told me mainstream media
and the
deniers that they were scaling back that
they are now everything being fine
globally and that we don't need to worry
anymore because the US Stock Market had
risen to new
highs that's what I was told repeatedly
over and over and over again
simultaneously however when we look at
the actual big picture and stop focusing
in on just the S&P and the Dow
Jones let's widen our perspectives a
little bit if we could and realize the
fact that $200 billion is being pumped
into the system every single month now
that $200
billion eventually it might take two
years or 10 years or 20 years or
anything but that money
eventually washing all around might make
it into US equities it might make its
way into Commodities or real estate or
anything else we don't know but the fact
is that this fictional money being
printed up is being put out there into
the system buying the worst garbage
possible and keeping this system alive
let's be honest let's be
real Brussels is starting systematically
to shut out British groups from
multibillion Euro contracts and urging
companies to DeCamp to one of the 27
remaining EU members As It prepares for
the
brexit this is big news I do believe
because after the signing of article 50
we can see the retaliation this is
official at least it has begun we don't
know how long it will take take but
essentially what's happening here is a
little bit of a war I'm very proud of
what has happened with the UK and I do
believe that it ends up happening and
and they it can totally
leave the EU and don't have to be um
taken in with those shackles I don't
know what it's going to spawn off into
that's really my worry because of course
the UK still wants to do trade with
Europe I'm sure that's what they want to
do they just don't want to have the
shackles on them I mean what a crazy
thought let's keep our eyes on what's
Happening here because this will be sort
of seen as a punishment to the UK and I
want to know what happens just months
before Banks stopped giving trading
clients market research for free there's
still locked in discussions about how
much to charge I won't get into the AR
article but essentially they can't make
up their mind how much do we charge
these people for all of this market
research and you know that there are
these meetings going on in these
boardrooms and everyone's wearing their
wonderful suits and ties they have their
catered lunches and everything is just
great however you have a bunch of people
who literally don't know how to tie
their own
shoelaces and they are there deciding
what to charge other
individuals for their garbage useless
analysis with if you want to know what's
going to happen in the market you need
to see what's happening with the central
banks they create liquidity they
determine which way the stock market
moves does it move up does it move down
it's all dependent on
liquidity that is
absolutely
essential more young adults lived with
their parents than spouse in 2016 I just
talked about this recently in fact now
we have the
statistics and you know you could see it
in chart form if you'd like
now I would say that if an individual
wants to live with their parents for
many many years that is totally fine but
if you live with your parents because
you simply can't afford to move out then
we have a problem and then as showing up
on the statistics right now people
accumulate more
debt and in these years is comparing
1975 to
and the more debt there is the less
chance these people are going to be able
to move out they don't have the ability
if they're employed to pay that debt off
fast enough and then they want to move
move somewhere where they afford a home
when many of these cities a lot of the
most populous cities
are very much um you know the the
housing has become very expensive
whether it's Manhattan or San
Francisco you see that the prices have
gone up and this trend is going on not
just in the US but other places as well
France's far right National front
stepped up its anti-european Union
rhetoric on Wednesday check this
out the number two to Leen said you'll
see we'll soon stuff your oligarchic rag
in the
cupboard and just the fact that they
would call the EU flag an
oligarchic rag is so
powerful and it it's so great to hear
that you know
you're actually hitting back at those
who aim to control us and we need to
support that at least that freedom of
speech whether you're not you agree with
the party or
not I'm not going to read the article
here this is talking about the violence
in Venezuela I will regularly cover the
situation in Venezuela what's happening
right now is that the opposition party
has called on millions of people to take
to the streets in anti-maduro
protests and it has happened and they
are asking for even more to
happen I don't know what this is going
to escalate to but the Army is going to
have to be called out and they want this
to expand and accelerate they want a
reason to bring the military onto the
streets to squash people's skulls and
this
goes most notably for the us but look at
Venezuela
and how it is decaying so rapidly and
the people there are suffering to such a
degree and people
still still deny what's happening I
don't even understand how they just
everything's fake news now apparently
every doesn't matter what it is it's
fake news you can't have any real news
anymore everything's fake fake news look
people have
been making it very clear individuals
that live there in karacas talking about
the situation talking about how
dangerous it is I've heard firsthand
from people who live there about how bad
this situation is and there are some
people out there still calling this fake
news maybe there are some fake news out
there I don't know but I've heard it
from the people who are on the ground
talking about the situation and this is
going to expand to major cities around
the world they will erupt into flames
and it will be the same reasons economic
servitude then we have this what else is
new the war is being expanded Marines
headed to Southern Afghanistan where the
Taliban are reversing previous victories
the wars cannot be over when you're
bombing random caves out there I assure
you the war is never going to finish who
are you killing who are you trying to
find these people that they're fighting
have essentially
nothing stop bombing them and they'll
worry about their own problems you're
giving them a reason to
fight but of course that's not what this
is all about this is about the military
industrial complex ruling and
controlling everything we all know that
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs
up if you want to see Jenna yelling in a
hot tub please give me a thumbs
down
and if you found this video informative
I know you'll find my books the money
GPS even more
informative my books are available at
Amazon it allows you to actually flip
through the book to see if you like it
for yourself take care